#UPDATE - 22-10-22

1. Profile Delete/deactivate feature
2. Cv view when view is pressed - should show as cv details -  name, age, height, job role
        Education
        Uk address
        Back home address
        Number of siblings

Extended view will show remainder details 

4. Can I download user profiles to excel from backend?

5. Age to be set at 18 - 99 default 
6. Test chat feature 
7. Profile details resets when you go into it through preferences 
8. Cv still shows answers from removed questions 
9. Images do not show 
10. Backend once activated can’t see profile
11. Does free trial work?
12. Change postcode to area

13. Auto email for verification and once approved 
14. Can we verify email at registration??

15. Home page - start matching - change message to - we verify and vet all profiles before accepting on our platform. 
16. Home page - resources & quick links - remove all, just leave - faqs, terms and conditions, data protection policy

#UPDATE - 25-09-22

1. Intro message change to shorter version:
Will send on text. Not all In capitals 
2. Add social media - email: hello@suitable.one instagram - suitableone √
Snapchat - suitable.one ,remove all others √
3. Suitable message below needs changing - take out part ( without exception of race, colour and ethnicity) √
4. Sign in page - remove message “ start your soulmate search etc” √

Personal information registration:
5. Height needs to be: 4’1, 4’2 up to 4’11 then 5, 5’1 etc up to 6’4 √
6. Add question - do you have any children? Yes or no answers √
7. Ethnic origin to in alphabetical order √
8. Country list to be western countries only - will send on text 
9. Postcode, put on title ( first part of postcode) √
10. Title - your education history ( should not be drop down) √
11. Free trial to 7 days √
12. Connect stripe to bank (You have to open an account on stripe and send me your credentials)

Preferences 
13. Change profile under review message - will send on text 
14. Residency status - change don’t mind to all √
15. Height- update drop down √
16. Add - show profile members with children √
- all, yes-only show with children, no-hide profiles with children √

Profile:
17. Remove - first name , last name √
18. Remove nick name √
19. Add height to personal info √ 
20. Update residency status to same as others √
21. Font shows as black on dark profile √
22. Education to show same as others 
23. Remove yearly income √
24. Religious history - from birth, revert √
25. Remove school of thought √
26. Keep beard - drop down shows alcohol √
27. Remove what a day consists of √
28. Remove all other questions √
29. Add - are you willing to relocate abroad? √
30. Remove interests √

Profile view:

31. Subtitle- name, age, ethnicity, country
32. Work - career, academic qualifications, back home details, marital status, children, about you
33. Invite will show remainder details 
34. Admin must be able to see all details to approve 
35. Deactivate and delete profile feature to be added √
36: email to be sent when joined to approve email, then another email to be sent once account is approved (Will need Email subscription for now I am using free email subscription)


